hey everybody welcome enter in the lamp
was minding my scattereth plus we're
rolling through these after birth plus
challenges sort of I don't know how to I
don't really know what to say about the
April's fool challenge it is uh it was a
little weird but we got through it
we got pokey mans 3003 which is the year
that I'm living in right now that's
right 986 years from this point onwards
are you impressed with my subtractive
skills the four years at a public
university let's go we are going to the
Cathedral on this one I don't think that
I don't remember pokey man's being a
tough challenge but I also like it's six
or seven months ago at this point but I
sort of feel like it was one that I had
to do twice for some reason I might be
misremembering to be fair it also
strikes me as the kind of challenge
where I wouldn't be surprised to see
that we don't have item rooms because we
are starting with two items one of which
is actually quite good in the form of
wait no I've got the dude I swear to
it's mom's perfume that gives you the
tear delay downgrade I'm going through
like weird that is a huge enemy like
anterograde amnesia or something with
Isaac we're like one day there's just so
many items of the game that I like don't
understand what they are for like for
videos I was like why isn't the sentir
delay downgrade whenever I got mom's eye
shadow and now I'm like okay right
that's it's mom's perfume perfume is not
a shadow that explains why I've given
myself permanent cornea damage I don't
know I don't wear eye shadow either not
that there's anything wrong with it we
should try to capture an enemy but I
actually I think the pokeball is kind of
like a wasted item it's a it's a really
cool concept but it just never really
executes as well as as well as you'd
think it could given the circumstances
like it kinda reminds me the d-10 where
like not being able to re-roll bosses
makes it
useless not being able to capture bosses
sort of screws with the okay go a little
bit but there are the pokeball I should
say cuz poke a go is actually fine but
there are some enemies that are top tier
and there are some enemies that are not
very good at all I almost feel like this
should get like a to room charge or
something like that just to make it more
usable but either way we're starting in
an okay situation little horn was the
best item we got on that floor and then
the best item we've got on this whole
run without a doubt
you just want enemies that are not gonna
die immediately like we want tanky
enemies don't kill the ones you the ones
you charm you got a charm um first let
them kill like all the other enemies
[Music]
problem solved
yeah I mean it would be really nice to
sight-read all the chat why is it's not
really sight reading considering we've
done them once before but to do all the
challenges in after birth plus on our
first go cuz I'm starting to see the
light at the end of the tunnel
we haven't actually even gotten oh it
doesn't break rocks
I thought the science tears broke
everything but maybe they only break
everything if they if they hit an enemy
in the meantime or it doesn't really
matter what a what I mean is we're
almost done with the challenges here
although we still have several that we
failed and a few that we haven't even
unlocked yet we're almost to the point
where we can at least start to you know
begin the quest for a million in 1%
inauspiciously if you will I would like
to get an extra nickel by blowing that
guy up I would have loved to have bought
a spirit heart to be honest with you
because really this this strikes me as
one of those challenges where the the
actual gimmick is kind of nonsense
really our ability to succeed or fail
here is likely gonna come down to
whether or not we're able to get a good
run what it went over the enemies or we
hello
is this our starter Pokemon because if
so dude this is a pretty good start
you got enemies leaving creep everywhere
you guys just oh you're not moving is
you have no agro that actually makes
sense uh this is actually like pretty
good I didn't know if the first time you
use that you got something unless I
actually captured something last time
and just didn't know but I don't think
that I did oh good I blew up all of my
okay go buddy's here low odds let's try
to capture one of these it bounced off
the wall wait a minute no I've got it
totally backwards we actually just get a
random one every time we use this we're
not meant to capture enemies we kind of
got like fake poke a go right now which
I'm okay with because getting random
enemies is definitely going to be more
valuable this isn't how the pokeball
works most of their monster ball works
most of the time is it I thought for
sure I have memories that I don't
believe have been planted there of
capturing enemies that are like ideal
and then sadly many more that were
suboptimal using the monster ball but
just be smart here we're actually like
now in a very very good position
we've got an okay Pokemon along with it
although he is now dead just don't get
hit towards the end of this and we are
sitting pretty okay Joker card non Joker
card emperor card not bad
ooh it's a little rough but let's I'm
gonna take little brim cuz it's the best
item in here so what I'm gonna try to do
is well is sure get you to pay out with
something you paid out with something it
was not particularly good I cannot
justify going to the curse room yet but
I can justify going to the boss Trap
room and if we get nothing useful we
could fight it or we could teleport out
actually we could go to the curse room
and teleport out as well which might be
advisable
decent get I think
I'm also kind of holding out hope that
maybe we can get to 15 cents I don't
think would be that useful to buy the
9-volt but there's a lot of items that
it could be quite good for so watch out
we got pin here should be very easy
especially with the you know the
brimstone shots that we got going on
here just
easiest money ever made I think we
should go for the curse room in an
attempt to kind of save ourselves here
we got two spirit hearts so now I'm
gonna save it's a little complicated I'm
gonna save this we'll get the heck out
of here we'll try to find another penny
we do have a bomb I think we might be
able to oh there we go we might be able
to blow up the greed statue in here as
well but we've actually sort of made
this work okay I'm okay with it I'm okay
with it
full stop grab nine-volt we can have
more than one pokemon at the same time I
think so we might as well start tossing
these around I think we got a good
foundation for ourselves here we're a
little bit behind schedule I'd rather
save the emperor card for the chance of
getting through boss rush but I got to
be honest the run has actually made me a
believer now that I've seen the actual
effects of the Monster Ball in this
situation like I'm a happy boy that
being said I know I said I'd rather save
the Emperor card for for boss rush now
I'm like man come in here see what you
get
grab all this teleport out not at all
concerned with the deal with the devil
here in fact I might better not have a
deal with the devil just because of the
amount of risk it puts on me from an HP
perspective but I actually think that
the ghost brimstone is like one of the
best
payouts we could possibly have it's not
very likely that it oh thank you it's
not very likely that it actually hits
anything unfortunately but it is it is
doing a number when it does hit
something so we want to continue
exploring because there is a is a huge
incentive for us to get spirit hearts
and we did just get one here try a check
for like secret room but also blow this
guy up and we got Steam sale and secret
room which is great well go for broke
here aid Alex I appreciate that you're
playing f1 2017 but maybe you could not
sight it's kind of unreasonable hey
could you stop signing in to play video
games in your off hours like it's a
little unreasonable
now we can buy a two-cent playing card
in there which could be a deal with the
devil in and of itself actually feel
like the nine volt and I don't even know
what this is called like the bobby pin
or something it's it's a great choice
for us we're just getting like mass
monsterball spam and without being
forced to like find enemies myself I
think this is pretty good now it is also
completely mine flooding me like I can't
pay attention at all to what enemies are
mine and which enemies are the the games
but it's working I can't deny that it's
working not to mention I hope you still
got one there but we still get a charge
like any time any of our familiars died
so we are kind of approaching absurdity
here I can't believe I went through like
the first two floors without using it at
all that was a bit of a a silly choice
in hindsight
okay plenty of money locked up lock up
lock up no lock up
not an ideal enemy who is now a friend
you know what they say though the enemy
of my enemy is my friend and the enema
of my enema goes in my end
[Music]
sure let's buy trinkets melter jennxpenn
I need your strongest trinkets and then
this as well ace of clubs basically we
treated High Priestess for a bomb not a
good trade but not a terrible trade we
had another trinket back there but it
wasn't that strong if I remember
correctly it wasn't one of the big like
five trinkets so we'll ignore it and
hopefully we'll have a chance to get a
better one later we basically paid seven
cents for mom's purse which is actually
a good deal we might have just lost half
of our poke a girlfriends there we still
got brimstone angel fetus though picked
up another spear and hard it's actually
like low key high key I don't know which
kind of key it is I was never that good
at music as a kid but well I mean if
you've heard me sing that's not gonna
surprise you too much one of the
strongest runs we've had on challenges
and that's kind of cool because I went
into this one being a little skeptical
being like oh this is one of the ones
you just sort of you know you probably
win fairly easily and then you move on
and that looks like it might be the case
here but we also have like one of the
more unique and engaging sort of
challenges that we that we've seen not
quite as transformative as April's fool
where you know every single enemy is
float and also all the items lie to you
but more than just a cheap gimmick here
I think it's kind of a fun challenge
after this bye I'm taking my sweet time
on this challenge because I know that
the next one is ultra hard and ultra
hard is probably I mean I I don't I'm
old enough to not make salty tweets most
of the time I understand my role as an
entertainer and for the most part any
concerns of my life are relatively petty
so I actually thought you were my friend
now our relatively petty so I don't
tweet video game related salt very off
I remembered tweeting some salt about
the ultra heart challenge which tells me
everything I need to remember you're my
friend who is my enemy then nobody the
doors are open okay
tells me everything I need to know about
the ultra hard challenge I remember I
tweeted about the Speed Challenge as
well there's a little bit of salt built
in dude the brimstone ghost never
disappears
it's beautiful should have a good chance
at a deal with the devil you're the
little brim pick up you know continues
to essentially be a very very smart get
and this could be ideal it didn't give
me really much of anything but the
spirit art is nice and if we'd gotten a
a guppy item out of it I would have been
happier but mostly like we just don't
have much HP so that guys probably
dusted we don't have much HP so to
garner anything for free is pretty
positive although we just lost our HP to
begin with for no reason I guess
stationary enemies all spawn on top of
one another which is fine by me as long
as they don't hurt each other because
like we're all supposed to be friends
here for now at least we'll go back to
hating each other eventually but we owe
it to ourselves to unite for this run
we did you know let's blow you up I'm
just worried about it because I don't
want to blow up my own Pokemon in the
meantime we managed to succeeded that at
an extra eight percent chance of a deal
with the devil you know what they say
though eight percent great percent a
hundred percent no thank you
it's not supposed to rhyme it's just
suppose cm it's not really
hey eight percent is the difference
between getting a forty two and a fifty
we're good fifty of course being a
passing Canada I don't know if I have I
gone on my academic rant yet about I get
annoyed because I told everybody on
Twitch then in the province where I grew
up like eighty is an A and everyone goes
well doesn't everybody have 4.0 and I go
well we don't use GPAs where I grew up
because it's stupid you just get a
numeric average and then as a result
you're just competing on the strength of
your numeric average instead of a GPA
like a I don't even understand the
concept of a GPA versus Necropolis one
versus just having a number that tells
you what percentage you got in the class
but admittedly I'm not like I don't work
for the school board so I might be the
fool in this situation but yeah yeah and
Canada most places at least a 50 is a
pass and an 80 is an a-minus I know
you're like jealous but it still doesn't
make sense because when you compete for
it like spots in college you got it
I still got it you know beat out other
people you want that you want to know
some weirdness though I have taken some
classes I'm gonna do this because I want
to keep the fool card we're ready to
cheese boss rush here I have taken some
classes in programming where a 50 is a
pass but you need a 60 to take the next
class in the track so it's basically
like hey you know if you get a between a
50 and a 60 we'll give you the credit
but you also have to drop out of your
program luckily I haven't come too close
to skirting that metric
because I'm an adult and you know what
am I supposed to it's not like I'm going
to parties here I record video games and
then I go to class and then I come home
and record video games easy enough
don't try me buster
it is wild I mean I'm not a full time
student but you know going to going to
college is a 28 year old very different
than going to college as a as an 18 year
old I was actually 17 in my freshman
year of college for the first like three
months every time I tell people that
they go why you lying no it's not you
can do the math yourself but I turned 18
like three months into college I think
you know my birthday better than I know
myself you it's not that long ago my
memory hasn't faded that much sometimes
I talk to my classmates so I would you
do this weekend at all dude it was sick
you know we were up at the Roxy it's a
townie bar in Vancouver that's you know
a little sketchy but I guess for the
youths
a good place to go now what did you do
this weekend I was like all dude it was
sick me and my wife went out for dinner
had two beers and a chicken sandwich
with a side salad it was freaking crazy
man but I don't miss the end I don't
miss the the earlier days I like the the
more domesticated life it's not like I
was ever living like you know a rock
star or anything like that
obviously but I I was looking to see if
maybe we could find a way to get more
spirit hearts out of this cuz apparently
like the other challenge of this run is
that HP just doesn't exist
but I like the more domestic life man it
sounds like I'm like searching for
something to justify it but I don't
really need to justify it
I like the I like the routine we don't
want to yera okay a woz is irrelevant
here on Zeus is nice and we actually see
that there's a library which is worth
going back for yara perthro we should
there's two per throws because of the
yarrow rune we use with blank runes so
here's how we do this we take per throw
and we go to our library we still got
not plenty of time but a decent amount
of time bad trip not good enough we go
to the library we hope that there's like
Satanic Bible and Book of Revelations
well Book of Revelations is kind of good
enough
we doesn't we've done it no we don't
quite get bookworm there so we take
friendly ball back / throw again we get
book of sin which should give us
bookworm gave us a red heart
unfortunately and now we work our way
towards this boss fight I'm still
hopeful here's the how the next step of
this should go we get the fool card we
teleport out of boss trash after
teleporting out of boss rush having
taken an item we go back and get well
actually now I think about it the yarrow
rune is not that valuable because this
run cannot go to the chest that being
said it's still valuable because you can
get you know like a second or third and
fourth spirit heart out of it but not
quite as valuable as it is on on your
average kind of normal run
I still think school should work
backwards well sort of I think you
should you should have kindergarten and
then college six-year-olds have nothing
better to do than learn all the time I'm
not saying like kids shouldn't be kids
quite the opposite I'm just saying like
you know what at what else is a
six-year-old have to do play with Lego
oh it's good for their brain no you know
what's good for their brain learning
like quantum mechanics at that age and
then when you're 25 you learn long
division it's the way it should be
against school gets easier as time goes
on so do we want adrenaline takes us
closer to I mean X placebos pretty good
here as well I do want dogtooth which is
also solid I mean there's four okay
items here I think I'm gonna go X plus
Evo and the reason in the end ends up
being that our damage is not that good
by the way as always I am all right at
brimstone I don't need X plus Evo that
was actually very stupid um but I forgot
that I had just picked up brimstone mere
seconds ago which is actually worse
because it should have been fresh in my
mind but as always I am stupid however
I'm smart in that I know that I'm stupid
which I think sets me apart at least in
in some way No
so I recognize that this backwards
school idea probably pretty dumb can't
say for certain might as well take mom's
purse I guess can't say for certain but
it strikes me as a pretty foolhardy idea
but it like many of my ideas if you
never offer up like any form of scrutiny
for it it actually sounds pretty sick
right I think credit card could be the
era here
okay utero one
what Sarge
it's our endgame it's our side game well
I mean the end game is pretty simple as
with most of these challenges we're
pretty much just gearing up for survival
I love that as soon as we kill the
enemies the angel fetus starts shooting
at us is like he recognizes we've got a
unite to face a common foe but as soon
as there's no other aggro on the screen
he's like I hate you I just want you to
know nothing has changed between us
feels kind of like against the spirit of
the run to change spacebar items I tried
to move but screwed myself just get
dusted please and then we get this which
means we might have been better off
taking the era room but we got through a
floor basically free of charge so we are
eager for a deal with the devil
how does one cement a deal with the
devil into existence well beat this boss
without dying probably does the best
thing for us the gods also good that
might have been enough to like cement
the victory for us sorry I haven't been
using a monster ball as much as I should
probably uh excuse me is this allowed uh
oh okay
so I definitely like should not have
done this room nine lives is the
ultimate life saving item I love that
you can either get a ghost that shoots
brimstone lasers as you're a friendly
ball option or you can get a single corn
fly that flies harmlessly into the enemy
and explodes into a wisp of arthropod
guts in about a quarter of a second
anyway the the nine lives pick up might
have been the bailout that we needed
thanks lee iaccoca we only have one
guppy items so the cursed room is
essentially a a room non grata right now
which i don't think is the way that that
expression works but the only Latin I'm
familiar with is Lou Bega's musical over
us so great name for a twitch channel
please I need these friends of mine to
help me destroy you stop destroying them
in turn we will not be fighting hush we
will be becoming guppy right here
guaranteed despite the impossibility of
it and if it just goes to show you dude
it's the same thing that always happens
when I have credit card it's not
plausible to use it correctly when I
don't have credit card it's like hey
here's four too hard deal with the
Devils I don't like you cuz you just
kind of stick around especially you
you've got to be like in the running for
worst I mean he's gone now but like the
worst possible payout from friendly ball
right literally all you do is stand
still and if an enemy touches you they
take damage but you will also die it's
like you're a mind sorry it's like I'm a
mine Wow
you know what great I can't code you
know what can I say you did a good job
there
so again nine lives basically bailed us
out okay I'll tell you what we'll
probably try a different direction
because my indignity knows no bounds
here we should still be highly you know
very extremely fine but we should you
know dial in to put it in battlegrounds
terms it's time to dial him one of the
ways we might want to just get through
this room is to throw a bomb down oh
that was extremely close and then
just don't die on this room and you're
free similarly like by the way
apparently it's the only enemy that
exists in this challenge is these stupid
ghost flies so your gun not really flies
really ghosts they do fly but so do most
ghosts untethered from you know this
mortal coil it turns out that everybody
can do David Blaine's teleportation
trick you guys ever realized that David
Blaine is basically Hugh Jackman from
The Prestige dude sick year 2000 David
Blaine blew my mind how he pretended to
levitate six inches above the ground
basically by optical illusion
positioning his feet in a weird way and
then raising himself up on his tiptoes
how did David Blaine blow my mind in
2016 and you're like its 2017 no the
backlogs not that big I promise you but
you know that his special I think came
out in 2016 oh you know he stabs himself
through the hand and throws up like live
minnows into a bathtub he's become like
he's gone too far he's been consumed no
whole it was so unnecessary
stop
like he's a ma he is Hugh Jackman from
The Prestige not not Edward Norton from
the alou's illusionist cuz that movie is
like it's a little bit of it I gotta be
honest when they first came out my
interpretation was that the illusionist
was better respected than the prestige
but I think that as Chris Nolan has made
more films the prestige has definitely
racked up who shall I say a certain
level of the Christic boom that's me
ending this run before the punch line
good challenge though dude I'm glad we
knocked it out prestige great movie you
know what though the illusion is pretty
good as well we got two more challenges
to do one of them is pong or pong to a
lot of dddd do pong - it's not pong -
it's just pong pong is not that bad
ultra hard is pretty tough so we'll be
back to do ultra hard on our next
challenge for now thanks for watching it
because we've enjoyed the episode if you
did click the like button upset a great
deal of course subscribe you wanna see
more in the future for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time